Now let's add activate components justice at the moment.
If you check the gist console, if you run all the tests, you will see an error like this one.
The error is being triggered in the component and basically it is saying a connection refused error,
which means in the app component test we are rendering this activate component.
So the actuate component is making an HTTP request to the backend to activate the user.
But in the app component, we don't have anything about the mock service worker.
So that request is actually trying to go going to a real server and then it is timing out and that's
why this error is shown.
We will get that.
But first let's add the test for the activate component justice.
Then then we will fix the error we see here.
So creating a new file under activate directory and this is going to be activate component just as.
So this is going to be failing because we don't have anything in this file.
And here we see it is failing, by the way, to have a cleaner output right here.
I'm just going to filter the test to run only activate test hitting P and typing activate component
so it is running only to activate component.
Others are not running.
So we are going to first import the render and screen from testing library angular and let's import
the activate components from this Activate component module and let's have the first describe for account
activation page.
And our first test is I'm just going to copy the names from the spectators.
So just copying all three tests and pasting here, but just removing the content.
We will also have the similar subscriber here, but for now, let's go step by step.
So the first test is this one.
It sends account activation request and we are going to have let's have a common set of function here
set up.
This is going to be async because the render is async and we are going to await render, activate component.
And if we check the the setup part in the spectators, so we have this observable, we are like overwriting
the activated root with this way.
And in the in the testing library version, we also have this same approach.
So I'm just going to copy the observable.
And pasting here.
We don't have this type yet.
Root for arms.
So it is here.
Pasting here, then it's import observable and there is this subscriber which is right here.
So let's have the subscriber defined here.
Then we are calling this render to activate compound and then we are pressing the render options.
And in these options we are going to declare the compounds.
We are using this activate compound and that is the alert component.
And then we have the the imports for the testing module.
But in, in this just version, we don't need the test version of the HTTP client.
We can go with the HTTP client module, not the testing module, because here we will be using the mock
service worker.
So instead of using the testing client, most service worker will be handling the the HTTP part for
us and we are fine with going with the HTP client module.
And the other option is the providers.
And I'm just going to copy that one from this test.
So the provider is exactly the same.
So we have the activated root imported here.
And this is the setup.
Now, in this test, it sends a count activation request.
So the first thing is we are going to call
the wait setup.
So this is rendering the component.
Then we will navigate to the page and we were using this subscribe to navigate to make sure the the
subscription to receive the the path.
So we have the same approach here as well because we are using the same activated routing and basically
we are passing our own observable.
So we are calling subscriber with this, but then it's going to be making an API request to backend.
And in this test we can check the the count like this in the karma version, in the jasmine karma version,
we are using the step testing controller to get the length of the request, but now we are going to
use mock service worker.
We didn't use it yet, but we are going to add it.
But we will have this wait wait for functionality coming from the.
Not testing library down but from angler testing library angler.
So we are going to wait for and we will add the assertion here.
We are expecting we will have the counter.
We don't have it yet as well.
It's going to be one.
So previously we have done similar things in the sign up component.
Just yes.
So here we have the counter and whenever we receive a request to the server, we increase that counter.
And in the test we are checking that counter to be like this one.
So we did that in this test previously.
So we are going to do a similar thing in this one as well.
So let's have the server server related pass.
So just copying these things from the sign up component before each, before all and after all and let's
paste it here.
And then we also need a server so we don't have the counter.
First let's have a counter here, counter initially zero.
Then we are increasing in the test and we don't have the server yet.
So let's get the
setup server from MSW node and also let's get the rest from MSW.
So we are going to let's have the server here server.
So we have the setup server and let's pass the handler.
So we have rest post handler for this endpoint API one zero users token.
And there is this dynamic part in the URL and let's say this is token.
And that is going to be taken the request for response and context.
We are going to increase the counter here, increasing counter by one and let's return.
Success.
Response.
Context.
Status 200.
Okay.
And let's not send any payload back.
So what we are doing is we are calling set up and before the test we have the server ready and basically
we are triggering this subscription with this value and that's going to be making API call, which is
going to be handled here and that's going to be increasing the counter and we are going to wait until
the counter is one and that's confirmation for the component is making the API request to backend.
So let's save this one.
And here we see the test is passing.
So the first test is done.
Let's add the second test.
Now it is one.
We are going to display the the success message.
And again, we will do the same thing here.
We are going to close it up.
We are going to call subscribe with the next.
And let's make sure this is async.
Then we are going to wait for a message to appear and let's get the message.
Wait screen find by text.
So we are using this one when we are looking for a text to appear after some time and the message is
account is activated and we expect this message to be in the document.
So let's save this.
This is also a passing.
And let's add the last test.
And in this one again, we are going to
repeat the same steps.
But this time, instead of 1 to 3, you go with four, five, six, and we are going to see activation
failure message.
But we need to update our server here.
At the moment it is just returning to 100, but let's enhance the functionality here.
So basically what we can do is if request we can take this token from the request parameters and let's
get the token.
And if it is equal to four or five six, which is this case.
Then let's return an error.
So we are we are in response with the status of 400 and we can go with the empty JSON saving this one.
So this is also passing.
So we have the activated component, just tests.
Now let's focus to the errors we have seen in the tests.
So just running all tests by hitting a.
And here we are seeing the error message in the console.
To fix this.
All we need to do is let's open the app component just as now like when we are navigating to the activate
page.
Those are triggering this API call.
So to get rid of the errors, what we can do is we can just copy the server implementation.
So just taking these lines from the activate component, coming to the app component, just pasting
here and.
And let's also copy the imports like the setup server and rest.
So we have the server and let's just return to 100.
Okay.
Let's not have any logic here.
So this is the server implementation in app component as well.
So let's say these changes.
And here we see the tests are passing and we no longer see that error message in the console.